# This Repository
Hello, I am Nelson Heinzelmann and am currently pursuing a graduate degree in Finance at HEC Lausanne. This repository showcases some of the various projects I have completed during my time at HEC Lausanne, including both my Bachelor's and Master's works. As part of the Master in Finance program, I specialized in the Data Science & Entrepreneurship option, where I utilized Python and Stata to explore different models. On this page, you will find a selection of my notable projects, including an analysis of the impact of Commodity price shocks on the US GDP using VAR and SVAR models, a Staggered DiD model investigating the relationship between Policy rates and Exchange rates, a trading game simulator, and an LSTM model designed for price predictions.

# Expertise and Future Plans
My main expertise lies in Asset & Risk management. Additionally, I have gained comprehensive knowledge of various concepts and tools commonly used in data science, including Python (data structures, OOP, TensorFlow, etc.), Stata, C++ (basic understanding of OOP and parallel programming, including MPI and OMP), and LaTeX. This expertise allows me to effectively implement diverse models from the fields of finance, economics, and beyond. Although the projects displayed on this page offer only a glimpse into my capabilities, they offer a representative sample of the diverse models I have explored. However, it is important to note that there are several subjects related to Asset & Risk management that are not featured in this repository. This is because these projects were more guided in nature and did not fully reflect my critical thinking. Therefore, I made the decision not to upload them here.
In the future, I hope to be able to work on more ML models to enhance my understanding of TensorFlow and also have a broader understanding of its applications in Finance. Also, I want to keep working on more complex models to model Volatility as it remains of my favourite subjects to study 

# Contact Information
Please feel free to explore the projects I have undertaken in this portfolio. If you have any questions or require further information, do not hesitate to contact me at nelson.heinzelmann@unil.ch.

Thank you for visiting my project's repository
